ephemeral: Initial ephemeral resource type implementation (#1050)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/ephemeral-resources/renew.mdx

	// however this example hardcodes the setting of result and private data for brevity.
	data.Token = types.StringValue("token-123")

	// Renew 5 minutes from now
	resp.RenewAt = time.Now().Add(5 * time.Minute)

	// When renewing, pass along this data (error handling omitted for brevity).
	privateData, _ := json.Marshal(ThingPrivateData{Name: data.Name.ValueString()})
	resp.Private.SetKey(ctx, "thing_data", privateData)

	// Save data into ephemeral result data
	resp.Diagnostics.Append(resp.Result.Set(ctx, &data)...)
}

func (e *ThingEphemeralResource) Renew(ctx context.Context, req ephemeral.RenewRequest, resp *ephemeral.RenewResponse) {
	privateBytes, _ := req.Private.GetKey(ctx, "thing_data")
	resp.Diagnostics.Append(diags...)
	if resp.Diagnostics.HasError() {
		return
	}

	// Unmarshal private data (error handling omitted for brevity).
	var privateData ThingPrivateData
	json.Unmarshal(privateBytes, &privateData)

	// Perform external call to renew "thing" data

	// Renew again in 5 minutes
	resp.RenewAt = time.Now().Add(5 * time.Minute)

	// If needed, you can also set new `Private` data on the response.
}
```

## Recommendations

> * For the `RenewAt` response field, provide small leeway before an ephemeral resource expires, usually no more than a few minutes, to account for clock skew.

Reviewer: Nit: this sentence might be too verbose and the audience might not know what `clock skew` means.

```suggestion
* When setting the `RenewAt` response field, add extra time (usually no more than a few minutes) before an ephemeral resource expires to account for latency.
```

Author: Good call, also updated the package docs ⚡ 370da65c406b2095707c4f2be60f512b9e97d796
